[Music]
hey I think you're gonna like this seven
traits of a strong personality any
person can develop many people think
that their personality traits are
something that they received at Birth
they believe that while some people were
born with a good sense of humor and a
lot of charisma others lack these
features and it's next to impossible to
obtain them but the thing is that taking
those positive personality traits you a
for granted you don't always consider
ways to develop and improve your own
character however it is possible surely
well some traits can be established
quite easily
others require consistent effort before
they really become part of who you are
and if you're ready for some hard work
you can start your way to a better self
counting down from number 7 self
confidence self confident people always
have an advantage over those who
constantly doubt themselves because
strong-willed people inspire others and
they take control of situations a
psychological study has been conducted
recently at Ohio State University it's
been found that your career plans are
influenced by the level of your self
esteem 67 undergraduate students with
majors in psychology or business
participated in this research it has
turned out that the more confident and
encouraged by professors students were
the bigger dreams about the future they
had what's more statistically
self-confident people earn more and
climb up the career ladder faster a
great way to feel more confident is to
do physical exercise the feeling of
concentration and control over your body
provides both physical and emotional
stability
what's more stop perceiving the
reactions of other people as the rules
that you need to follow make yourself
believe that you don't have any need to
seek out their approval self-confident
people control their lives themselves
and take responsibility for their
actions number six the ability to say no
no not like that the inability to say no
speaks about low self-esteem moreover
people who are always ready to help
don't always get gratitude from others
paradoxically this feature is rarely
appreciated and any help is most often
perceived as a normal thing moreover any
situation where you give more than you
receive or share something that you lack
provokes stress in addition those unable
to refuse pretty often suffer from
anxiety attacks and even depression
remember that it's possible to say no at
any moment don't be afraid to offend a
person by your refusal since it's likely
that you aren't the only person who can
help this will also help you to get rid
of parasitic people who have just been
using your kindness truly strong people
understand it's not always possible for
you to help them and that there's
nothing scary about being denied a
request that's how you can learn to say
no first of all establish your personal
boundaries read about persuasion
techniques other people may use practice
saying no aloud in front of a mirror if
it's hard for you to start saying no
right from the start
replace it with I'll think about it or
I'll inform you later
this way you'll give yourself time to
consider the request and if you deem it
necessary refuse learn to be firm while
saying no be polite afterward thank a
person for their trust and encourage
them number-5 sense of humor people like
those who have fun personalities and can
laugh at themselves and their failures
laughter helps to cope with stress see
positivity and communicate with others
there was a study conducted by Case
Western Reserve University that examined
how useful the coping humor scale could
be the study involved 96 college
students it turned out that humor played
an extremely important role in
encouraging psychological adjustment of
some people at the same time it was
associated with higher self-esteem lower
depression level and lower level of
lonely
perhaps these are the reasons why witty
people are appreciated more others want
to be around them because it's easy and
fun to develop this trait stop taking
things too seriously watch how other
people reply to comments with a joke
that gets met by even more jokes don't
get offended at the slightest thing and
learn to laugh at yourself you can
enhance your associative thinking skills
as many jokes are based on wordplay
number four
hard-working despite a common
misconception the highest performing
employees don't overwork as studies show
leadership training company vital smarts
has conducted research according to
which high-performing employees are
responsible for 61 percent of a
department output but at the same time
most of them experience lower levels of
stress than average employees their
secret is that they work not harder but
smarter for better results and
performance turn off any messengers put
your phone on vibrate and don't listen
to music if it distracts you immerse
yourself in the tasks that you need to
complete just like an appetite comes
with eating inspiration comes with work
when you keep switching between
activities it's difficult for the brain
to get back to the initial task and
humans consider anything that's
difficult for their brain to process
unpleasant that's the reason why
motivation disappears the morale do
single tasking rather than multitasking
moreover it's important to follow a
healthy daytime regime so that you don't
find yourself distracted by a lack of
sleep or feeling of hunger number three
the ability to read other people many
people are sure that reading minds of
others is a superpower that only
extrasensory people have however that's
not the complete truth all that you need
to do is to listen to others situations
can be different imagine how surprised
you would be if one of your
acquaintances admitted that they were in
love with you while you believe they
barely noticed you at all this could
happen simply because you didn't pay
attention to the fact that this person
would frequently write to you to ask how
you were and see if you wanted to go
we're together in order to understand
the motives of other people and to see
the reasons behind their behavior it's
necessary to pay attention to what they
are saying and doing where they are
looking and who makes them smile these
are signs of nonverbal communication
knowing which you can easily read people
combine the clues and you'll see the
truth of course this isn't something you
should be spending all your free time on
number two the ability to attract people
some people are so charming that it
seems that everyone likes them and
everyone wants to be around them these
people have charisma which is a
particular charm that inspires devotion
in other people although it may sound
too cool there's some good news this is
a quality that any person can actually
develop when talking to someone try to
make eye contact look at the companion
in a calm and relaxed way don't forget
to smile charismatic people can listen
to others and be on the same page with
them so don't rush to speak about
yourself and remember it's better to ask
questions don't suppress your emotions
if somebody said something offensive
show them that you don't appreciate it
you can do this by stopping the
conversation or abruptly changing the
topic instead of giving a long lecture
on how much it hurts
conversely if a person opens up to you
you can open up to sincerity should be
met with sincerity and number one the
ability to control the reactions of your
body self-control is the ability to
control one's own emotions and behavior
and that's what helps people reach their
goals this is an absolutely necessary
trait if you want to build rewarding
personal relationships and a successful
career with its help you can remain
balanced restrained and maintained
external and inner peace to develop this
ability you need to determine and
understand your emotions a fast
heartbeat tense muscles and a lack or
excess of energy or appetite are all
signs of anxiety it's possible to calm
yourself down with the help of breathing
exercises and meditation
panic attacks can also be stopped by
doing special exercises as for the more
simple reactions like irritation
rudeness or yelling they can be easily
avoided by pulling yourself together in
time however sometimes releasing anger
or frustration for example hitting a
pillow or doing a hard physical workout
may help you to get back your control
over a bad day and become productive
again so which of these personality
traits would you like to develop tell us
in the comments below and don't forget
to click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life
[Music]